hey guys today I'm gonna show you guys
my core Appling hook made with tape
Sonic kid meal and some string yeah this
is how I train I know this is pretty
close to this is actually pretty close
together around but after you do it a
few good terms
keep practice you can get it around
there we go I got it around sometimes we
didn't stay there for something probably
because it's really cheap
there we go now put on the side over
here
all right if I have no spaces with you
so much unfortunately I have all this
other stuff that is keeping my space
limited in also keeping me from doing
okay you know what I suck at this I suck
so much I'm gonna get so many bad
comments so many so many people are
gonna call me see this is the problem
with this he goes like this mmm and then
it hits it comes right back if you won't
stay you don't want to skip listen this
until these see something wrap around as
probably gonna fail I keep hitting that
stupid bar right there two bars yeah so
I made this very cheap it was actually
for free cuz you know I already had all
this stuff that I needed for it so uh
whoa
they're finally do you guys see that you
guys saw that okay thanks for watching
click one of the links this guy won't
intimidate even though we do it I'm
leaving now
goodbye click the link click the link
now do it now I'm Batman